From the beginning of high school, I heard of Mass Academy as highly competitive. In the beginning, I thought Mass Academy is not a school for me as I thought that I would not be able to do anything other than academics. But after talking to some of my friends’ experiences with Mass Academy I completely changed my mind. I learned that there was so much more to Mass Academy than just academics. I have been very passionate about technology since I was a little kid. I found that at Mass Academy I can explore technology and create projects like never before. But something that really caught my attention was that the people at Mass Academy are like a family. I am a person who can fit into smaller groups of people rather than big ones. I can better connect with teachers as the school is primarily a math and science and both of these subjects are associated with my passion. The Science Fair program at Mass Academy combined with the highly experienced teachers would allow me to further explore my passion for technology. Also, my learning won’t just be limited to the classroom, which is very important to me. Mass Academy's emphasis on hands-on learning will help me understand better and go further with what I have learned. Because I am not an apprehensive person I can contribute my thoughts better in group projects and discussions which may impact my peers' views. I put the most effort and work into my projects as I feel that projects are my key to exploring my interests while I am still learning the curriculum. After attending a Shadow Day I got a first hand experience on what a school day is like. I liked working with other students and trying to figure out problems together. In almost every class I attended I found that group work is a very important and I got involved with some the work as I am a very collaborative person. I also could relate to some of the students there as we shared some common interests. I think that Mass Academy is the right place for me as I am surround by people who are like me.
